Release 1.15.2 (#6438)
antrea-io/antrea: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.15.md

# Changelog 1.15

## 1.15.2 - 2024-06-14

### Fixed

> - Remove unexpected `altname` after rename interface to avoid failure when moving host interface to OVS bridge. ([#6321](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6321), [@gran-vmv])

Reviewer: s/after rename/after renaming

Author: Updated

- Do not try to update type of Secret in selfSignedCertProvider to avoid self-signed certificate update failure. ([#6205](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6205), [@tnqn])

> - Install multicast related iptables rules only on IPv4 chains to fix the antrea-agent initialization failure occurred when the Multicast feature is enabled in dual-stack clusters. ([#6123](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6123), [@wenyingd])

Reviewer: s/occurred/occurring

but I see that we have the same typo for Antrea v2.0 so we may actually want to keep it the same

Author: Thanks, fixed typo, I feel no need to keep the same for a typo : )

- Fix a single rule deletion bug for NodePortLocal on Linux and improve robustness of NPL rule cleanup. ([#6284](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6284), [@antoninbas])

> - Fix a bug that AntreaProxy not deleting stale UDP conntrack entries for the virtual NodePort DNAT IP. ([#6379](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6379), [@hongliangl])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug causing AntreaProxy not to delete stale UDP conntrack entries for the virtual NodePort DNAT IP. ([#6379](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6379), [@hongliangl])

```

> - Improve stale UDP conntrack entries deletion accuracy in zone 0 for AntreaProxy. ([#6193](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6193), [@hongliangl])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improve stale UDP conntrack entries deletion accuracy in AntreaProxy. ([#6193](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6193), [@hongliangl])
```

Author: Done

> - Fix antrea-agent crashing issue with proxyAll enabled in networkPolicyOnly mode. ([#6259](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6259), [@hongliangl])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix antrea-agent crash when enabling proxyAll in networkPolicyOnly mode. ([#6259](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6259), [@hongliangl])
```

> - Fix a bug that local traffic cannot be identified in networkPolicyOnly mode. ([#6251](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6251), [@hongliangl])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug preventing local traffic from being identified in networkPolicyOnly mode. ([#6251](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6251), [@hongliangl])
```

> - Avoid generating defunct process when starting Suricata for Antrea with IDS. ([#6366](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6366), [@hongliangl])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Avoid generating defunct process when starting Suricata, the L7 ANP engine. ([#6366](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6366), [@hongliangl])
```

Author: Done
